# Software-Test-Automation--QA
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
In order to ensure the security and functionality of my code, program, or software, I used unit testing. The software testing techniques that I employed in this project were black-box and white-box techniques because each milestone is all based on requirements or structure. Testing that takes place in a black box (also known as functional or behavioral testing) is based on requirements with no idea of the system's internals or data. Black-box testing relies on the specification of the system or the component that is being tested to derive test cases. White-box testing (also known as structural testing) is based on knowledge of the internal logic of an application's code. It determines if the program-code structure and logic are faulty. White-box test cases are accurate only if the tester knows what the program should do techniques.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
When I interpret the user's needs into the program, I make sure to read all the requirements that the user has provided. Every requirement must be functional and meet the user's needs.

How do I approach designing software?
To design software, I start by reading the customer's requirements and functionalities. The next step is choosing the right test design techniques—for example, specification-based, structured-based, and experience-based techniques. The fundamental benefit of specification-based approaches is that test cases are generated directly from specifications or other models of what the system should be able to perform. To investigate system or component structures at various levels, structure-based test methodologies are used. When there is an insufficient specification to generate specification-based test cases or not enough time to execute the entire structured set of tests, you fall back on experience-based methodologies. Furthermore, unit testing should be used to check the program for bugs and vulnerabilities.
